I saw a man smoking in church on Sunday. I was so shocked that I nearly dropped my bottle of gin.
What is the best way to drown a hipster? Throw him in the mainstream.
What did the elephant say to the naked man? "How the hell do you breath and drink out of that small thing?"
Can I watch TV? Yes, but don't turn it on.
What does the receptionist at a sperm bank say as clients leave? "Thanks for coming!"
Did you hear about the guy giving away dead batteries? They were free of charge.
Why did the invisible man quit his job? He couldn't see himself doing it.
There are three kinds of people in the world. Those who can do math and those who can't.
Why did the author get married? She found Mr. Write.
Why don't skeletons skydive? They don't have the guts to do it.
Where do cucumbers go on date night? The salad bar.
Did you hear about the pine tree that got a timeout? It was being knotty.
What do you say to a cow that gets in your way? “Moooo-ve!”
Why did the potato leave the bar? All eyes were on him.
What do you get when you cross a guitar, drums and a car tire? A rubber band.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants to the course? In case he got a hole in one.
Why did the boy wear his coat to dinner? Because chili was on the menu.
Did you hear about the baseball player who got arrested? He stole second base.
Knock, knock! Who's there? Birds. Birds who? No, but owls do.
Knock, knock! Who's there? Yassine. Who's yassine? who put you in a piscine.
My grief counselor died. He was so good, I don’t even care.
What does my dad have in common with Nemo? They both can't be found.
I visited my new friend in his apartment. He told me to make myself at home. So I threw him out. I hate having visitors.
When my Uncle Frank died, he wanted his cremations to be buried in his favorite beer mug. His last wish was to be Frank in Stein.
My husband left a note on the fridge that said, "This isn't working." I'm not sure what he's talking about. I opened the fridge door, and it's working fine!
